In today’s fast world it’s difficult to find a true friend like you. I wonder what it would be like to spend a childhood without you. I still remember the first day of school when we were young, you called me and gave a seat beside you. It’s now almost 15 years and our relationship has grown in past years. I would like to thank you for being there for me for the ups and downs of my life.
Last year when my father passed away, you were a support to my family and me. I don’t know what I would have done without you then. You were more helpful than my relatives. I can never forget how you stayed back in the hospital late at night to support my mother and me.
I cherish every moment of life we spent together. Though you are away from me, I still feel that you are close to me. How are your studies going? Last time when you wrote, you seemed a little worried about the portions. I know you will easily pass your engineering also with flying colors.
When are your next holidays? I am eagerly waiting to meet you and have a good time together.
I want to thank you for being my friend and being there for me.
With best wishes,
In today’s world, I am glad to have found a true friend like you. I am fortunate to get you as my best friend as without you, my life would have been very dull. I still remember the first day of school when we were young, you called me and gave a seat beside you. It’s now almost ten years, and our relationship has grown in the past years. I want to thank you for being there for me for the ups and downs of my life.
Last year when my father passed away, you were a support to my family and me. I don’t know what I would have done without you then. You were more helpful than my relatives. I can never forget how you stayed back in the hospital late at night to support my mother and me.
I cherish every moment of life we spent together. Though you are away from me, I still feel that you are close to me. How are your studies going? Last time when you wrote, you seemed a little worried about the portions. I know you will easily pass your engineering also with flying colors.
What about your placements? I know you will hit success in your placements like to hit flying sixes every time with your bats.
When are your next holidays? I am eagerly waiting to meet you and have a good time together. Do feel free to drop me your words. aakr@xcy.com. Ping me anytime at 980674938.
I want to thank you for being my friend and being there for me.
With best wishes,
I love you, my friend! I hope everything is good back there in your new city. I hope you have settled and did not find it too difficult. Everything back here is passing by so quickly; summer has already gone. It has been a little while since you have moved to the new city but we all feel terrible here. We miss you so much. I am heartbroken to know that you are not a bus ride away but much more. No matter where you are my love and friendship will always grow.
Have you settled in? I am coming over soon. Just kidding. I want to see you soon but only after you have settled in the new city. Are you comfortable with the neighborhood? Hope you are not feeling homesick and everything is under control. A little worried about my buddy.
We are planning a reunion here and hope to see you soon. We are planning a road trip, and I want you to join us too. Send in your comfortable date and place.
I hope you are doing great there. Let me know without any hesitation if you need anything from here. I am just a letter or phone call away, and nothing can do us apart. Have a great time there, keep learning and follow your heart.
Forgive me for being sentimental, but Christmas is just around the corner, and I couldn’t help feeling a bit blue because you are not here. It has been many Christmases that we had spent together when we were still studying at the university. It was either your family or mine that went to one’s house to spend Christmas eve together. Our friendship really is one of a kind, and it still takes some getting used to not spending the holidays with you now that we have our own families.
Maybe we can start a new tradition and spend Christmas at my mother’s. Being with family and friends on Christmas would be great! Write to me soon so I can make preparations if you will.
A letter of true friendship is as real as it says. This letter is written between two friends, likely to be best friends. In this letter, you remind yourself of the invaluable friendship that you both share, how you guys met in the past and also what has kept you best friends with the times. This letter can be dedicated towards your true friendship by highlighting some true heart touching and emotional experiences and the value of a true and trustworthy friend.
While writing this letter remember, for starters, it is not a formal letter, and that it should also contain those touching moments you spent along with your friendship and also the memorable experiences. Basically, in this letter, you are writing to evaluate the true and trustworthy friendship between you and your friend. In a friendship letter, you can narrate how you met your first friend and your friendship with all the ups and downs in your life carried on for so many years and still to continue.
How many years have we been together as friends? I cannot even count, there are too many. You have always been by my side, carried me through the hardest times and shown how trustworthy a friend you are. (Make sure to write about your particular friendship in details and the reason for appreciation)
We have grown to be closer than family and shared all out moments and secrets. I hope our bond never comes to an end. You are more than a friend to me. I will always cherish this friendship and appreciate it.
How many years has it been together as friends? I can even count, there are too many. You have always been by my side. Carried me through the hardest times and shown how trustworthy of a friend you are. I write to you to thank you for coming into my life, since the first time we met in nursery school.
We have grown to be closer than family and shared all out moments and secrets. I hope our bond never comes to an end. You are more than a friend to me, you are like the sister I never had. I will always cherish this friendship and appreciate it.
Your Caring friend,
A very short and nice line said by true friends for holding true friendship:
“..Hurt me with the TRUTH; but
Never comfort me with a LIE.”
That’s how our story is too! Remember the first time we met in the 1st standard; I was crying like every other toddler, not wanting to go to school and you comforted me saying that “Don’t worry, I am there for you.” You were the only one who was happy to enter what would become our second home, School.
Who knew we would become like one heart and soul identical to each other in almost all ways. Now it’s been almost more than 2 years that we haven’t seen each other. Going back in time when were together till the 10th standard, lots of people have tried to separate us by justifying the reason that we both lied to each other.
But your quickness and sharpness proved them wrong. Revisiting school once again was such a nostalgic experience, I wish we could go back to those days.
They say remembrance is a better compliment than love; people never expect tons of love, but only a milligram of remembrance. Whenever I read a scary novel, I get exalted by the fact that even you used to write scary stories almost every day and read it the next day to me.
I cherish the moments that I used to be the lead character of your every story. I miss you the most on my birthdays and still wish I could celebrate yours. Wish you never had to change the school due to your Dad’s transfer. Do visit me soon, eagerly awaiting your reply.
Your Caring friend,
If I was asked to name the one person who has never let me down – it would be you. You are the best friend this world could have given me. You have always walked beside me during my tough and dark times and never left me alone.
Remember when we were kids when we would sneak out and go for a swim in the middle of the night, how cold the water was and you would keep on complaining that we might get caught.
Anyway, I never want to lose you. I appreciate all that you have done for me and all that you have sacrificed for me. Thank you for your friendship. We were meant to be best friends forever.
Yours lovingly,
I want to take my time and tell you how very important you are in my life! As you know I’m not much of an extrovert, so it is hard sometimes for me to say these things in person, even to you, so I’m writing you this letter to say it for me. You are the most significant person in my life right now. You are the one with whom I can be honest and share everything. You know me better than I know myself. With you, I can be myself, with no pretense or acting and I’m accepted and loved completely for who I am. There are never any surprises with you.
Nowadays we aren’t always able to spend as much time together as we’d like to, but when we are together, it’s as if we never went far from each other. Being with you makes me happy, and it gives me a safe place to cry. You are sensitive, bright, caring, kind and altogether beautiful.
I love you for being this wonderful person that you are and for the happiness and comfort you bring to my life by just being there. I love you for listening to all my troubles and for sharing yours with me. I love you for accepting my actions or decisions. I love you for fun we have together, the sadness we share with each other and the openness that characterizes our friendship. I love you most of all for being the best friend that no one else could have been!
Yours lovingly,
FRIENDSHIP – The best relationship in the world. One can live separated from family, parents, children but one can never live without a FRIEND. You are my strength and weakness too. No matter the distance, a day never passes by without me remembering you or cherishing the golden memories spent together. Hope you are enjoying your studies, work, and life there in London. Remembering the day way back when you were all set to leave for your further studies, still, brings tears to my eyes.
You have always supported me in every possible way, be it college or colleagues cold war, projects submission, presentation, College Industrial Visit, or my first love. I would like to make a little confession to you. When you were leaving to catch your flight to London, I didn’t realize that you are actually leaving all our friends and me but when I was traveling back home. I remembered the place where we friends had been to make our 100 marks BMS project, and we all stayed there till 12’ o clock and the same day mom prepared Maggi Noddles for dinner, I broke into tears.
Looking back to the old days, I realized that my BEST FRIEND is not here to share the Maggi which we both love. Mom told that we will always be best friends even though we both have chosen a different career field in life and that it is only a phase of our life to be apart from each other and realize the worth of one another.
Missing you always.
Dear Best friend,
Hi! How are you? I hope you are doing fine out there. I wrote because I miss you, my best friend. I never heard from you since we part ways a couple of weeks that is why I am writing this letter to you.
Things are going fine here, as everyone is very excited on my new car. See it in the pictures I enclosed here. Dude, how I wish you were here to ride with my new baby. It is red and packs a lot of power and when you step on its acceleration, wow! You can feel the adrenaline rush dude!
There is nothing new about me but my car, I know you love cars too so I share to you this. I am really excited to hear from you. I just wish you drop by in our town so you check my car and we could hang out again.
I know it’s hard when you are thousands of miles away but, just give it a try, ok? I hope to see you soon dude. Take care!
Your best friend,










________________


________________


________________


He awoke to the huge, insect like creatures looming over his bed and screamed his lungs out. They hastily left the room and he stayed up all night, shaking and wondering if it had been a dream.The next morning, there was a tap on the door. Gathering his courage, he opened it to see one of them gently place a plate filled with fried breakfast on the floor, then retreat to a safe distance. Bewildered, he accepted the gift. The creatures chittered excitedly.This happened every day for weeks. At first he was worried they were fattening him up, but after a particularly greasy breakfast left him clutching his chest from heartburn, they were replaced with fresh fruit. As well as cooking, they poured hot steamy baths for him and even tucked him in when he went to bed. It was bizarre.One night, he awoke to gunshots and screaming. He raced downstairs to find a decapitated burglar being devoured by the insects. He was sickened, but disposed of the remains as best he could. He knew they had just been protecting him.One morning the creatures wouldn't let him leave his room. He lay down, confused but trusting as they ushered him back into bed. Whatever their motives, they weren't going to hurt him.Hours later a burning pain spread throughout his body. It felt like his stomach was filled with razor wire. The insects chittered as he spasmed and moaned. It was only when he felt a terrible squirming feeling beneath his skin that he realised the insects hadn't been protecting him. They had been protecting their young.


When my sister Betsy and I were kids, our family lived for awhile in a charming old farmhouse. We loved exploring its dusty corners and climbing the apple tree in the backyard. But our favorite thing was the ghost.We called her Mother, because she seemed so kind and nurturing. Some mornings Betsy and I would wake up, and on each of our nightstands, we'd find a cup that hadn't been there the night before. Mother had left them there, worried that we'd get thirsty during the night. She just wanted to take care of us.Among the house's original furnishings was an antique wooden chair, which we kept against the back wall of the living room. Whenever we were preoccupied, watching TV or playing a game, Mother would inch that chair forward, across the room, toward us. Sometimes she'd manage to move it all the way to the center of the room. We always felt sad putting it back against the wall. Mother just wanted to be near us.Years later, long after we'd moved out, I found an old newspaper article about the farmhouse's original occupant, a widow. She'd murdered her two children by giving them each a cup of poisoned milk before bed. Then she'd hanged herself.The article included a photo of the farmhouse's living room, with a woman's body hanging from a beam. Beneath her, knocked over, was that old wooden chair, placed exactly in the center of the room.


It was one a.m. and Guy Halverson sat in his dark living room. He hadn't moved for over an hour. The accident earlier that evening kept playing over and over in his mind. The light turned red, but he was in a hurry and accelerated. An orange blur came from his right, and in a split second there was a violent jolt, then the bicyclist rolled across his hood and fell out of sight on the pavement. Horns blared angrily and he panicked, stepping on the gas and screeching away from the chaos into the darkness, shaken and keeping an eye on his rearview mirror until he got home.Why did you run, you idiot? He'd never committed a crime before this and punished himself by imagining years in jail, his career gone, his family gone, his future gone.Why not just go to the police right now? You can afford a lawyer.Then someone tapped on the front door and his world suddenly crumbled away beneath him. They found me. There was nothing he could do but answer it. Running would only make matters worse. His body trembling, he got up, went to the door and opened it. A police officer stood under the porch light."Mr. Halverson?" asked the grim officer.He let out a defeated sigh. "Yes. Let me —"I am terribly sorry, but I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your son's bike was struck by a hit and run driver this evening. He died at the scene. I'm very sorry for your loss."